window.borderWidth: 4
window.borderColor: DarkGreen2
window.unfocus.borderColor: orange1

# Apply to window.label, window.title and window.button
window.*.focus: raised gradient horizontal
window.*.focus.color: khaki4
window.*.focus.colorTo: white
window.*.focus.textColor: DarkOliveGreen1
window.*.focus.font: korataki-10
window.*.unfocus: sunken gradient horizontal
window.*.unfocus.color: white
window.*.unfocus.colorTo: orange1
window.*.unfocus.textColor: black
window.*.unfocus.font: korataki-10

# Then override window.button
window.button.focus: bevel2
window.button.focus.color: white
window.button.focus.picColor: black
window.button.unfocus: bevel1
window.button.unfocus.color: orange2
window.button.unfocus.picColor: black
window.button.pressed: bevel2
window.button.pressed.color: green3
window.button.pressed.picColor: white



window.handleWidth: 0

window.justify: Left
window.roundCorners: TopRight TopLeft BottomRight BottomLeft

menu.hilite: sunk gradient vertical
menu.hilite.color: orange
menu.hilite.colorTo: white
menu.hilite.textColor: black
